what's up everybody you got Josh Maloney
director of artist relations for dean
guitars here at the winter namm show
obviously the shortest guy of this bunch
clearly we're tallest in the middle then
I mean I'm 58 so what does that tell you
about rusty I'm here with rusty Coons
and Ira black from Attica 7 we're here
hanging out the Dean booth we're
upstairs a little bit because these guys
are getting strapped up everywhere they
go so trying to get them out of some of
the chaos so tell me about Attica 7 you
guys did mayhem this year and obviously
I result in this the IRA black ml here
with the with the metal on it and then
the whole nine yards and some of you
guys are recognized rusty from Sons of
Anarchy you'll see them onto or you've
seen him on tour over the summer so tell
me what's going on the Attica seven
Anika sevens in the studio right now
we're writing new music and not that the
stuff we have is a good but we're just
going to a whole different level and we
one of these status quo so there's some
really cool stuff going on we had to go
completely out of the box I mean usually
when we write we can go in and we're
just we're jamming while we're writing
it's such a radical change we can't even
Jam while we're doing what we're doing
right now so I are you fighting for a
for a bunch of shreddy solos on this
thing or what what's going on always
that's always the case I mean yeah but
what's better without shred of course
right now we're trying to get to do
level at the beyond you know it's like
the first out was awesome I didn't play
on it I didn't play the stuff live you
know on toward it straight bitch era we
recorded three new songs it was a very
cool style we kind of raised the bar a
little bit even gonna cover the Eagles
witchy woman with children out right
there playing on the radio all over the
place now sup but just to be raised the
look that much like okay with all this
exposure we have Scott we're gonna go
here now like not for l3 no Alex you is
going to be it's gonna blow people's
minds we're just deconstructing the
whole thing like not just start for the
guitar refreshing built with concept
first light you know like how we really
do this and really just make you go down
there that sounds amazing and I know
that men so now Attica seven you guys
have a solid lineup now right oh yeah
yeah I'll sign up please there's been a
lot of people come through the door
is like locked-in down solid fat ass
guitar player we've ever had and
he going nowhere and we're both playing
deems it looks really good on stage you
know heaven he's just get better and
better as a singer he's got it like a TV
think kick into right he does yeah pedal
to the metal I'm actually on the show to
play a little guitar but yeah it's on a
CD or bite size TV network oh so you're
playing a Razorback and obviously IRAs
playing this ml and this is something
kind of excuse eee the the chrome all
over it in the aluminum and the cool
inlaid design so when do you guys expect
the record due to be out don't know yet
we're more concentrating on just the
production right now and then it'll be
that'll be the next stage after that the
cool thing is though with the Razorback
for me is a perfect fit I was playing a
PRS before right and if you take it you
stand up the PRS and you stand the
Razorback it's like this we me and you
right I'm PRS your razor back right
right and it looked like I was playing a
mandolin and I look like a circus bear
right in a tricycle kind of how what
we're gonna do is you guys are gonna do
us really good you're gonna make me a
long Razorback it's gonna have longer
horns longer back there yeah even bigger
take it you guys are taking attica 7 in
the next level we're going to take the
razor back to the next level make it a
rusty Kuntz Razorback that's longer and
bigger and meteor stronger the whole
nine yards back there you get the rusty
Beck I like it so where can people find
out information about the band Atticus
7.com is one good source we also have
attica 7 on facebook and that's about
the best right now right yeah America's
Most Wanted wrist now is coming yours
here yes so we will listen man you guys
heard it here first got some what oh
yeah yeah yeah Facebook nothing perfect
IRA black on facebook we have rusty coos
on facebook you can see all the stuff
we're doing with the band and with other
cat has a facebook to your cat has a
facebook maybe it should so listen you
guys you guys heard it here rusty and I
are from Attica 7 check out all the
exciting things happening on WWE guitars
comm check it out and get you some
you